        See the X12 Wordbook (X12|ID required to access) for terms and their
        definitions: wordbook.x12.org.
        
        Frequently Asked Questions
        Q: When can I expect a response to my companion guide permission
        request?
        A: X12 will make every effort to complete the review within 30 business
        days.
        
        Q: I want to send an X12 Technical Report, Type 3 (Implementation Guide)
        to my trading partners, is this allowed?
        A: No. Each organization needs to hold their own active license
        permitting use of the associated X12 product's content within their
        organization.
        
        Q: I want to share an X12 product that I legally purchased with my
        trading partners, is this allowed?
        A: No. Each organization needs to hold their own active license
        permitting use of the associated X12 product's content within their
        organization.
        
        Q: How can I obtain permission to distribute an X12 Technical Report,
        Type 3 (Implementation Guide) to my trading partners?
        A: X12 does not permit other organizations or individuals to directly
        distribute its products. Each organization needs to hold their own
        active license permitting use of the associated X12 product's content
        within their organization.
        
        Q: How can I obtain permission to distribute an X12 product to my
        trading partners?
        A: X12 does not permit other organizations or individuals to directly
        distribute its products. Each organization needs to hold their own
        active license permitting use of the associated X12 product's content
        within their organization.
        
        Q: I created a proprietary companion guide with instructions
        supplemental to an X12 TR3. Can I post the document on my website for
        public viewing?
        A: If you have applied for and been granted permission for the use of
        X12 intellectual property in your companion guide, you may post the
        document on your website. You may not post the document prior to being
        granted explicit permission.
        
        Q: I created a proprietary companion guide with instructions
        supplemental to an X12 TR3. Can I post the document on my website with
        access restricted to people who have a registered user id?
        A: If you have applied for and been granted permission for the use of
        X12 intellectual property in your companion guide, you may post the
        document on your website. You may not post the document prior to being
        granted explicit permission.
        
        Q: Are these rules only for documents related to implementation guides,
        or Technical Reports, Type 3?
        A: No, these rules apply to use of all copyrighted X12 products.
        
        Q: My vendor has informed me that it has an agreement with X12 which
        allows for distribution of material generated from its commercial
        product without submitting an IP Use Request and without being granted
        express permission from X12 for the use of copyrighted materials. Is
        this correct?
        A: Maybe, documents based on appropriately obtained X12 copyrighted
        materials, which includes documents generated with a tool properly
        licensed from X12, may be used internally without explicit permission,
        but distribution of such to any external organization or entity requires
        explicit approval from X12.
        
        Q: Who can grant the necessary permission for use of X12 copyrighted
        material?
        A: Only X12 has authority to grant such permission.
        
        Q: How can I verify that my vendor has obtained the appropriate
        permission or entered into a licensing agreement with X12?
        A: Please contact X12, at https://x12.org/licensing to verify your
        vendor has been granted rights to X12 copyrighted materials.
        Request Permission
        Send an email to ip@x12.org to request permission to reproduce X12 IP.
        Include your name, organization, title, address, city, state, zip,
        email, a detailed description of the Submitted Artifact, including the
        underlying or cited X12 Product, and a detailed description of the
        intended audience and planned distribution method for the Artifact.
